Added missing units to parameter descriptions (#1275)
cyberbotics/webots: docs/reference/motor.md

    `wb_motor_set_control_pid` function.

- The `minPosition` and `maxPosition` fields specify *soft limits* for the target position.

> They are expressed in *meters* (m) for linear motors and in *radians* (rad) for rotational motors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
They are expressed in *meters* (m) for [LinearMotor](linearmotor.md) and in *radians* (rad) for  [RotationalMotor](rotationalmotor.md) .
```
